Remove locked info and add Restriction policies api (#24911)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/guide/how-to-set-up-rbac-for-monitors.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Restricted roles

Datadog allows restriction of monitor editing to specific roles through the role restriction option. This gives you the flexibility to define which users are allowed to edit monitors.

### API

> You can update the definition of your monitors managed through API or Terraform using `restricted_roles` (parameter attached with the new role restriction option).  You can also use the [Restriction Policies][5] endpoint to define the access control rules for a monitor, mapping a set of relations (such as editor and viewer) to a set of allowed principals (such as roles, teams, or users). The restriction policy determines who is authorized to perform what actions on the monitor.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what the first sentence and its parenthetical are describing. Can you clarify?

Author: @neko-dd Removed the parenthetical. The `restricted_roles` parameter is for the [API](https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/latest/monitors/). The parenthetical should be removed since this option is the default, not a new feature anymore. Thanks!

```suggestion
You can update the definition of your monitors managed through API or Terraform with the `restricted_roles` parameter.  You can also use the [Restriction Policies][5] endpoint to define the access control rules for a monitor, mapping a set of relations (such as editor and viewer) to a set of allowed principals (such as roles, teams, or users). The restriction policy determines who is authorized to perform what actions on the monitor.
```

### API

> You can update the definition of your monitors managed through API or Terraform with the `restricted_roles` parameter.  You can also use the [Restriction Policies][5] endpoint to define the access control rules for a monitor, mapping a set of relations (such as editor and viewer) to a set of allowed principals (such as roles, teams, or users). The restriction policy determines who is authorized to perform what actions on the monitor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can update the definition of monitors that are managed through API or Terraform by using the `restricted_roles` parameter. You can also use the [Restriction Policies][5] endpoint to define the access control rules for a monitor, mapping a set of relations (such as editor and viewer) to a set of allowed principals (such as roles, teams, or users). The restriction policy determines who is authorized to perform what actions on the monitor.
```

[2]: /account_management/rbac/?tab=datadogapplication#datadog-default-roles
[3]: /api/latest/monitors/#edit-a-monitor

> [4]: /monitors/guide/monitor_api_options/#permissions-options

Reviewer: Is link 4 still in use?

Author: ```suggestion
```

> [5]: /api/latest/restriction-policies/

Author: ```suggestion
[4]: /api/latest/restriction-policies/
```
